=head1 ical-to-google-calendar

=head2 DESCRIPTION

A simple Perl script to parse an iCal-format (.ics) file, and update a Google
Calendar with it, via the Google Calendar API.

=head2 WHY?

Why not just add the iCal feed URL to Google Calendar and let them handle it?

Because they update horribly slowly (expect about once every 24 hours).

Calendaring is a time-sensitive thing; I don't want to wait a full day for
updates to take effect (by the time Google re-fetch the feed and update my
calendar, it could be too late!).


=head2 CONFIGURATION

The script will read your Google account details from C<~/.netrc>, where you
should specify them as e.g.:

    machine calendar.google.com
    login yourgoogleusername
    password supersecretpassword

You can specify many configurations in your C<~/.netrc>.
Of course, you'll want to ensure that file is well protected (chmod 600)



=head2 USAGE

    ./ical-to-gcal --calendar='Calendar Name' --ical_url=ical_url --configmachine=calendar.google.com

The script will fetch the iCal calendar feed, then for each event in it,
add/update an event in your Google Calendar (the ID from the iCal feed is added
in the extra data of the event in the Google Calendar, so the script can match
them up next time).

The calendar name you provide must already exist in your Google Calendar
account.

The script adds a tag to each event's content to store the UID of the event
imported from the iCal feed so that events can be updated in future, or deleted
if they are no longer present in the source iCal feed.  If you remove this tag
from an event, a new (duplicate) event will be created next time the script runs
(and the old event will be "orphaned") - so don't do that.


=head2 AUTHOR

David Precious C<< <davidp@preshweb.co.uk> >>
Mod. Yvan Godard C<< <godardyvan@gmail.com> >>

